the piece that broke off this one these
plastic nubs
Real Usage. Real Reviews. Mobile Reviews - eh.ca
We were filming our intro video
for a Mobile Reviews - eh.ca website wand this is a hundred-dollar
case from Otterbox and I dropped it three
times
They say you can drop this from 10 feet
I dropped it from 4.5 feet
closer to 5feet and this piece came out
this thing is kind of flapping around
in this just really annoys me because
well you pay hundred dollars for a iPhone 5 protective case and they tell you it is waterproof
you can drop it from 10feet and then you drop it three times in front of a camera, the case breaks
so you think I'm gonna say about this  case in our reviews
its an absolute piece of crap nobody should really buy
nobody should spend a hundred dollars drop it about
half dozen times have the case break
great that's ridiculous i paid like $700 on this iPhone
100 alt case anything raise up to 3
drops who in the right mind would never
lie about this case
so watches videos tell your friends your
family go when you are
loss pieces rap I'm
so as you can see the piece that broke
off is one of these plastic not be
famous on this court
best piece that kinda came off and
that's piece actually fits into
be sold if it's for a hearing
I guess it's a pretty poor design
advocates I'm
take that kinda drop iPhone is fine it
still works
so yeah awesome case on her box
thanks hi I'm here
a reviewer for future reviewers it's
gonna be awesome
stay tuned